I, Wu Shuangjun, subdued the imperial foreign
Seeing the undefeated existence of the country lord
Wang Qianhu is even more comparable to the lord of a city
Don't say you are a little villager
Just wipe out the whole village
It's also a sentence.
Yeah, what do you do then?
Lu Shuang, I told you
Annoyed the Peerless Army
There is no way for you to survive in the whole country
If you ask us for mercy now
I can also ask Zhang Fu to spare you a way to live
Otherwise, it will always be you who should beg for mercy
But now it's too late for you to beg for mercy
Hahahaha
Are you in such a hurry to die?
I fulfill you
Since I became rich
I'm not used to someone standing up and talking to me
Kneel down for me
What a big dog gall